It'll be great to talk to ICIC Lombard.
Here are a conversation that they had
with Hiral.
>> Gopal Balachandran CFO at ICICI Lombard
joins in. Welcome to the show Gopal and
always a pleasure uh to speak to you as
always. My question coming to you is you
know I mean a strong topline growth a
decline in profitability as well. What
has worked and what has not worked?
>> So I think good morning uh to you and
good morning to all your viewers. And uh
before I kind of respond uh this is a
start of a new year. So to that extent
uh happy new year to all of you and uh
to your viewers as well. Uh so let me
put this in context. I think if you look
at it from an IC lumbar standpoint what
we have always articulated is uh as a
company we have always been uh looking
at driving profitable growth as a theme
and that's something that kind of gets
exhibited uh even when you look at this
particular quarter. uh the good news is
uh something that I had spoken even in
the last quarter as in to say that some
of the regulatory developments that have
happened uh during the last couple of
months has kind of created a lot of
stimulus on ground in terms of uh uh
exhibiting better customer demand and
that's reflected also in terms of the
growth in the insurance sector as a
whole uh relative to let's say the first
half where the overall industry growth
was largely exhibiting a single-digit
example uh the market has started to
exhibit a double-digit number growth. So
in that sense even the overall market is
starting to do well and even last time I
think when we had kind of spoken we did
say that whenever the growth momentum
starts looking very very positive ICAD
will obviously continue to seize the
opportunities across lines and that's
the reason when you see the industry
growth as I said of 11.5% for quarter 3
overall for IC Lombard I think the
growth has been 13.3%.
So clearly we have had an outperformance
uh in the in the context of overall
growth and this has been all across. I
think we have been able to kind of do
very well on motor which has been a huge
comeback uh story for us. Health any
which ways I think we were always doing
well at least so far as this year is
concerned. I think that continues to
drive momentum uh on ground and even
commercial lines as we speak. I think we
have been able to while we have been
maintaining certain leadership in marine
cargo and liability in the past. The
good news is even on engineering line of
business lumbar has been able to get to
market leadership. Uh so again so it's
been an all-rounded uh growth that has
kind of aided uh the quarter 3 numbers
and uh and as you rightly said it's also
kind of aided by some of the
regulatory/governmental interventions
which are in the right direction to your
point on uh profit I think this is
something that I've spoken even in the
past uh the way the the the way the
accounting prescriptions work uh
whenever you kind of exhibit relatively
faster growth uh the the requirement
from an accounting standpoint point is
your cost of acquisition is something
that gets expended up front uh whereas
the benefit of uh earnings is something
that will happen over a period of time.
So when you start looking at it from an
absolute standpoint then obviously you
will start seeing let's say the
relatively profit getting impacted. But
the good news is what we have been
telling the streets and to all of you uh
what we largely look for is to try and
deliver an ROE in the range of 18 to
20%.
>> So are you saying roe will be maintained
in that 18 to 20% range?
I think so if you look at uh what we
have kind of largely played through
across quarters uh is to deliver an RO
in that range of 18 to 20%.
>> Again as I've been saying even in the
past it is always to better to look at
numbers on a year-to-ate basis because
in a given quarter there can be always
various factors that can influence
outcomes but on a sustained basis the
intent is to make sure that we able to
deliver the RA in the range of 18 to
20%.
>> Got it. you know when you're talking
about the 9mon performance as well if I
look at the combined ratio I mean it has
worsened I would say to 104.5 from 102.7
and this is on a year-on-year basis as
well even on a 9 monthly basis it's a
number which is close to what 104.2 2.
So, are you on track to actually achieve
the previous medium-term target of 102%
by the end of FI26?
>> That's a good question. Uh, again, let
me put this in context. Um, I think if
you look at what we've always said is
that uh the movement of the combined
will be relative to let's say the where
the market is currently positioned at.
Of course, we have been relatively one
of the early ones to declare results for
quarter 3. We will wait for the rest of
the players to see in terms of what is
it that they're exhibiting in terms of
outcomes on uh combined. But again when
you look at the half yearly numbers
which we have for the entire market as a
whole the industry as a whole is running
at a combined ratio of almost 119%.
And this number maybe half year of the
previous year was 113. So there has been
a significant deterioration of combined
from an overall market perspective.
visibly that if you would have seen ISIS
alarm's numbers for H1 to H1 our number
moved from 103 to 104 so we were kind of
relatively far better and the point that
we have always made even in the past is
the relative gap between IC lumbar's
combined and industry combined ratios
have always been at least more than 10%
plus so hence to that extent is where we
are kind of operating at I think what we
keep looking for is again the point that
I made in terms of some of the
accounting prescriptions s at any point
of time we do tend to make investments
in avenues of growth for the future the
cost of which again gets expended in the
periods for which the reporting happens.
So for example we are continuing to
invest in technology we are continuing
to invest in scaling our customer
service capabilities and in
distribution. Now all of this even in
the past we have talked about this
impacting combined by anywhere between
one and a half to 2%. And hence to that
extent the numbers have to be viewed
relative to that and but as I said I
think at any point of time ISIS alone
combined has been uh better than the
industry combined at least by 10
percentage points